Key,Source,Context,Changes,English
vehicleWillyJeep,vehicles,vehicle,new,Willy Jeep,,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepplaceable,vehicles,item,EnChanged,Willy Jeep,,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepplaceableDesc,vehicles,item,EnChanged,If it survived WW2 surely it can handle this!,,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepTopless,vehicles,vehicle,new,Willy Jeep (Topless),,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepToplessplaceable,vehicles,item,EnChanged,Willy Jeep (Topless),,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepToplessplaceableDesc,vehicles,item,EnChanged,Now with even more wind-in-hair action!,,,,,

vehicleWillyJeepBlack,vehicles,vehicle,new,Willy Jeep,,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepBlackplaceable,vehicles,item,EnChanged,Willy Jeep,,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepBlackplaceableDesc,vehicles,item,EnChanged,If it survived WW2 surely it can handle this!,,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepToplessBlack,vehicles,vehicle,new,Willy Jeep (Topless),,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepToplessBlackplaceable,vehicles,item,EnChanged,Willy Jeep (Topless),,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepToplessBlackplaceableDesc,vehicles,item,EnChanged,Now with even more wind-in-hair action!,,,,,

vehicleWillyJeepBlue,vehicles,vehicle,new,Willy Jeep,,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepBlueplaceable,vehicles,item,EnChanged,Willy Jeep,,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepBlueplaceableDesc,vehicles,item,EnChanged,If it survived WW2 surely it can handle this!,,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepToplessBlue,vehicles,vehicle,new,Willy Jeep (Topless),,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepToplessBlueplaceable,vehicles,item,EnChanged,Willy Jeep (Topless),,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepToplessBlueplaceableDesc,vehicles,item,EnChanged,Now with even more wind-in-hair action!,,,,,

vehicleWillyJeepGreen,vehicles,vehicle,new,Willy Jeep,,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepGreenplaceable,vehicles,item,EnChanged,Willy Jeep,,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepGreenplaceableDesc,vehicles,item,EnChanged,If it survived WW2 surely it can handle this!,,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepToplessGreen,vehicles,vehicle,new,Willy Jeep (Topless),,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepToplessGreenplaceable,vehicles,item,EnChanged,Willy Jeep (Topless),,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepToplessGreenplaceableDesc,vehicles,item,EnChanged,Now with even more wind-in-hair action!,,,,,

vehicleWillyJeepOrange,vehicles,vehicle,new,Willy Jeep,,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepOrangeplaceable,vehicles,item,EnChanged,Willy Jeep,,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepOrangeplaceableDesc,vehicles,item,EnChanged,If it survived WW2 surely it can handle this!,,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepToplessOrange,vehicles,vehicle,new,Willy Jeep (Topless),,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepToplessOrangeplaceable,vehicles,item,EnChanged,Willy Jeep (Topless),,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepToplessOrangeplaceableDesc,vehicles,item,EnChanged,Now with even more wind-in-hair action!,,,,,

vehicleWillyJeepPurple,vehicles,vehicle,new,Willy Jeep,,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepPurpleplaceable,vehicles,item,EnChanged,Willy Jeep,,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepPurpleplaceableDesc,vehicles,item,EnChanged,If it survived WW2 surely it can handle this!,,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepToplessPurple,vehicles,vehicle,new,Willy Jeep (Topless),,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepToplessPurpleplaceable,vehicles,item,EnChanged,Willy Jeep (Topless),,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepToplessPurpleplaceableDesc,vehicles,item,EnChanged,Now with even more wind-in-hair action!,,,,,

vehicleWillyJeepRed,vehicles,vehicle,new,Willy Jeep,,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepRedplaceable,vehicles,item,EnChanged,Willy Jeep,,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepRedplaceableDesc,vehicles,item,EnChanged,If it survived WW2 surely it can handle this!,,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepToplessRed,vehicles,vehicle,new,Willy Jeep (Topless),,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepToplessRedplaceable,vehicles,item,EnChanged,Willy Jeep (Topless),,,,,
vehicleWillyJeepToplessRedplaceableDesc,vehicles,item,EnChanged,Now with even more wind-in-hair action!,,,,,